[Family Safety API] Draft Review (#2548)
MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback: specs/FamilySafety.md

Family Safety
===

# Background
Provide end evelolper a new API to toggle Family Safety feature on and off. End developer can use this API to enable and disable the Family Safety feature. Also provided a iframe filter toggle API to ensure iframes also go through Family Safety services for all subframe navigations if the developer chose to enable iframe support.

# Examples
## WinRT and .NET   
```c#
void FamilySafetyFeatureCmdExecuted(object target, ExecutedRoutedEventArgs e)
{

>     webView.IsFamilySafetyFeatureEnabled = !webView.IsFamilySafetyFeatureEnabled;

Reviewer: We usually try not to put product names into API names, because product names can end up changing. If the Family Safety team were to rename, is there a more general name we could use in this API that would still apply?

Author: Family Safety is a Microsoft feature. This most likely won't get changed? https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/family-safety

{
    webView.IsFamilySafetyFirstLevelIFrameFilteringEnabled = !webView.IsFamilySafetyFirstLevelIFrameFilteringEnabled;
    MessageBox.Show("Family Safety iframe filering is" + (webView.IsFamilySafetyFirstLevelIFrameFilteringEnabled ? " enabled " : " disabled ") + "after the next navigation.");
}

```
## Win32 C++
```cpp

// Enable the Family Safety feature
HRESULT ToggleFamilySafetyFeature()
{
    BOOL areFSEnabled;
    wil::com_ptr<ICoreWebView2Staging3> webview3 =
        m_webView.try_query<ICoreWebView2Staging3>();
    CHECK_FAILURE(webview3->get_IsFamilySafetyFeatureEnabled(
        &areFSEnabled));
    CHECK_FAILURE(webview3->get_IsFamilySafetyFeatureEnabled(
        !areFSEnabled));
    MessageBox(
        nullptr,
        (std::wstring(L"Family Safety will be ") +
            (!areFSEnabled ? L"enabled" : L"disabled") +
            L" after the next restart.").c_str(),
        L"Settings change", MB_OK);
    return true;
}

// Toggle the iframe filter settings
HRESULT ToggleFamilySafetyIframeFilterSettings()
{
    BOOL areIframeFilterEnabled;
    wil::com_ptr<ICoreWebView2Staging3> webview3 =
        m_webView.try_query<ICoreWebView2Staging3>();

>     CHECK_FAILURE(webview3->get_IsFamilySafetyFirstLevelIFrameFilteringEnabled(

Author: We can't really mimc the parent account in webview. Not sure what other samples we can provide besides toggle the feature. (but I will change the sample code to not using setting toggle)

        &areIframeFilterEnabled));
    CHECK_FAILURE(webview3->put_IsFamilySafetyFirstLevelIFrameFilteringEnabled(
        !areIframeFilterEnabled));
    MessageBox(
        nullptr,
        (std::wstring(L"Iframe Filtering will be ") +
            (!areIframeFilterEnabled ? L"enabled" : L"disabled") +
            L" after the next navigation.").c_str(),
        L"Settings change", MB_OK);
    return true;
}
```

# API Details    
```
interface ICoreWebView2Staging3;

/// A continuation of the ICoreWebView2 interface to toggle Family Safety settings
[uuid(EF7E5FD3-6FAD-4065-8387-15A37288477E), object, pointer_default(unique)]
interface ICoreWebView2Staging3 : IUnknown {

>   /// `IsFamilySafetyFeatureEnabled` property is to enable/disable family safety feature.

Reviewer: You need to document the default values for your new properties. I guess the default is `false` because we haven't previously had the family safety feature on, correct?

>   /// `IsFamilySafetyFeatureEnabled` property is to enable/disable family safety feature.

Reviewer: Instead of two very related bool properties, would it be clearer if this was one enum property? (I'm not saying it is - I don't understand how the two properties interact so I'm not sure if it is clearer)

Author: Yeah, iframe setting will only apply when fs is enabled

  [propget] HRESULT IsFamilySafetyFeatureEnabled([out, retval] BOOL* value);

  /// Sets the `IsFamilySafetyFeatureEnabled` property.
  [propput] HRESULT IsFamilySafetyFeatureEnabled([in] BOOL value);

  /// `IsFamilySafetyFirstLevelIFrameFilteringEnabled` property is to enable/disable first level iframe support in family safety.
  [propget] HRESULT IsFamilySafetyFirstLevelIFrameFilteringEnabled([out, retval] BOOL* value);

  /// Sets the `IsFamilySafetyFirstLevelIFrameFilteringEnabled` property.
  [propput] HRESULT IsFamilySafetyFirstLevelIFrameFilteringEnabled([in] BOOL value);
}
```

```c# (but really MIDL3)
namespace Microsoft.Web.WebView2.Core
{
    // ...

>     runtimeclass CoreWebView2

Reviewer: This property feels more like something that should go on the CoreWebView2.Settings object rather than directly on the CoreWebView2.

>     runtimeclass CoreWebView2

Author: I am making some change to it. So rather than have live toggle. We only gonna toggle this upon each creation, and it should affect all instance in the same data folder. There is no profile support for fs.

>     runtimeclass CoreWebView2

Reviewer: Ok so you're moving it to the ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions then?

>     runtimeclass CoreWebView2

Author: I did some testing and the setting applies to each new navigation. Does that mean it fit into setting interface better? But the  scenario is only for developer to toggle it and not expose to the user.

>     runtimeclass CoreWebView2

Reviewer: When you say it applies to each new navigation, you mean its per CoreWebView2? Two CoreWebView2s in the same CoreWebView2Environment can have different family safety enabled values and they can both navigate at the same time and one will have family safety applied and the other won't? If so, having it on CoreWebView2Settings gives the end dev more flexibility to change it at runtime to handle scenarios we haven't thought of previously. But putting it on CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions may make more sense for the end dev who is expecting to just turn it on once at the very beginning and not worry about it anymore. It also means they don't have to worry about any sort of race where the CoreWebView2 is performing some initial navigation but they haven't set the family safety property yet.

So, maybe putting it on the EnvironmentOptions makes more sense? I think its debatable and sounds like either way would work.

    {
        {
            // ICoreWebView2 members
            Boolean IsFamilySafetyFeatureEnabled { get; set; };

>             Boolean IsFamilySafetyFirstLevelIFrameFilteringEnabled { get; set; };

Author: It might be a bit confusing with where I put it. It sholuldn't be a setting that end user can toggler. Is for developers to enable/disable and not exposed to end users.

>             Boolean IsFamilySafetyFirstLevelIFrameFilteringEnabled { get; set; };

Reviewer: I mean the property is just sort of confusing. Why don't we just have one bool property that turns family safety on or off for everything? What does our customer need it for?

>   /// Individual uri can also be added to the allowed list with the full uri without https and www prefix.

Reviewer: We shouldn't force end developers to remove the URI scheme. This is an unusual form with no name and no easy way to produce that string. We should take a URI in the list and do whatever we need to to the URI to make it into this form.

>   /// Individual uri can also be added to the allowed list with the full uri without https and www prefix.

Reviewer: The part about www prefix needs more investigation. Exactly what isn't allowed?

            // List of allowed uris

>             IVector<String> FamilySafetyAllowedUris { get; };

Reviewer: If this list is going to be strings that are either hostnames or URIs then we can name it that way

```suggestion
            IVector<String> FamilySafetyAllowedUrisAndHostnames { get; };
```

Family Safety
===

# Background
Our customers have asked for a new API to toggle the Family Safety feature on and off. The Family 
Safety feature is enabled or disabled for a browser process instance, and the end developer 
won't be able to change it while the webview2 browser process instance is running. Once enabled, 
it will provide the same functionally as the browser Family Safety feature including: Activity 
reports, search filtering, and web filtering. Besides toggling the feature, we also provide an 
API to add desired sites to the allowed uris, so app functionality will not be impacted by 
Family Safety. Additionally, parents can also override a block.
Please see https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/family-safety for details on Family Safety. 

# Examples
## WinRT and .NET   
```c#
void CreateEnvrionmentWithOption()
{
    // If parents set filtering rules to only allowed sites. App developers can use

>     // FamilySafetyAllowedUris to show app content and still honor general filer set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // FamilySafetyAllowedUris to show app content and still honor general filter settings set
```

    // by parents.
    CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions options = new CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions();
    options.IsFamilySafetyEnabled = true;
    // appassets.example/AppStartPage.html is used as an example app content.
    options.FamilySafetyAllowedUris.Add("appassets.example/AppStartPage.html");
    auto environment = await CoreWebView2Environment.CreateAsync(BrowserExecutableFolder, UserDataFolder, options);
}
```
## Win32 C++
```cpp

> HRESULT InitializeWebView()

Reviewer: Please update the c++ sample to match the C# one including comments.

    Callback<ICoreWebView2CreateCoreWebView2EnvironmentCompletedHandler>(
        this, &AppWindow::OnCreateEnvironmentCompleted)
        .Get());
}
```

# API Details    
```
interface ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions3;

/// Additional options used to create WebView2 Environment.
[uuid(D0965AC5-11EB-4A49-AA1A-C8E9898F80AF), object, pointer_default(unique)]
interface ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions3 : IUnknown {
  /// Family Safety is a set of features available on Windows for managing children Internet 
  /// priviliges. Microsoft account may be linked to have a family relationship, with adults 
  /// and children. Adults have certain managements options over the children in their family, 
  /// where each option is applied per-child. Edge browser provide the following options: 
  /// Activity reporting, Web filtering and SafeSearch. Please see https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/account-billing/getting-started-with-microsoft-family-safety-b6280c9d-38d7-82ff-0e4f-a6cb7e659344 for more 
  /// details on each feature.
  /// When `IsFamilySafetyEnabled` is `TRUE` WebView2 provides the same Family Safety 
  /// functionality as the Edge browser. 

>   /// `IsFamilySafetyEnabled` property is to enable/disable family safety feature.

Reviewer: The first sentence of ref documentation becomes the 'summary' sentence. This sentence should be the summary sentence and should be moved to line 59 before the part explaining Family Safety.

  /// It is `FALSE` by default.
  [propget] HRESULT IsFamilySafetyEnabled([out, retval] BOOL* value);
  /// Sets the `IsFamilySafetyEnabled` property.
  [propput] HRESULT IsFamilySafetyEnabled([in] BOOL value);

  /// Family Safety provides web filtering control in two modes: Allow-all and Block-all. In 
  /// Allow-all mode, only sites that are blocked by the parents will be blocked. In 
  /// blocked-all mode, only allowed sites that are allowed by the parents are allowed. In this 
  /// scenario, apps using WebView2 will have their content blocked if enabled Family Safety in WebView2.

>   /// `SetFamilySafetyAllowedUris` provide the ability to add app content sites to a soft override 

Reviewer: Calling this 'soft' isn't really descriptive or helpful.

```suggestion
  /// `SetFamilySafetyAllowedUris` provide the ability to add app content sites to an override 
```

>   /// `SetFamilySafetyAllowedUris` provide the ability to add app content sites to a soft override 

Reviewer: Similar to previous comment, we should start the ref docs with a summary sentence that says briefly what this does. Like 'GetFamilySafetyAllowedUris and SetFamilySafetyAllowedUris allow you to get and set the list of URIs that will be allowed by the Family Safety filter even when in Block All mode.' and then the rest of the content.

  /// list and allow app contents to go through in Block All Mode. Parents still have control
  /// to override those sites.
  /// Each uri need to be added to the list indivually even with the same domain. No prefix needed

>   /// for the uri. Eg: `bing.com`. 

Reviewer: The kind of string used here is not a valid URI syntax. Could we accept actual URIs in the API and in the API implementation remove the scheme:// part for the caller?

  /// \snippet AppWindow.cpp CoreWebView2FamilySafety
  HRESULT GetFamilySafetyAllowedUris([out] UINT32* uriCounts, [out] LPWSTR** lists);

>   HRESULT SetFamilySafetyAllowedUris([in] UINT32 urisCount, [in] LPCWSTR* uris);

Reviewer: Still need a ref doc comment here. Can be a brief comment that references GetFamilySafetyAllowedUris to not repeat.

Author: I created a redirect link to include the site I showed you last time

Reviewer: No I mean that SetFamilySafetyAllowedUris has no reference documentation comment above it.

Family Safety
===

# Background
Provide end evelolper a new API to toggle Family Safety feature on and off. Once Family Safety is enabled, developer won't be able to turn it off while webview2 instance is running. Once enable, it will provide the same functionally as the browser like: Activity report, Safe Search and Web Filtering. Please see https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/family-safety for details on Family Safety. 

# Examples
## WinRT and .NET   
```c#

> void WebView_ProcessInfosChanged(object sender, object e)

Reviewer: The C# & C++ code should match. Putting this in the process info changed event handler seems wrong?

Family Safety
===

# Background
Provide end evelolper a new API to toggle Family Safety feature on and off. Once Family Safety is enabled, developer won't be able to turn it off while webview2 instance is running. Once enable, it will provide the same functionally as the browser like: Activity report, Safe Search and Web Filtering. Please see https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/family-safety for details on Family Safety. 

# Examples
## WinRT and .NET   
```c#

> void WebView_ToggleFamilySafetyFeature(object sender, object e)

Reviewer: Both samples name their functions something like ToggleFamilySafety, but you aren't doing that. You're creating a environmentoptions object.

{

>     Control.CreationProperties.EnabledFamilySafety = true;

Reviewer: What is `Control`? You don't show changes to the CreationProperties API in this document, do you intend to change that as well?

Instead for the .NET sample you could show creating the environmentoptions, setting your new property, and creating the environment.

Author: Circle back on since the dependency is getting unblocked. Updated the sample code

}

```
## Win32 C++
```cpp
// Enable the Family Safety feature upon webview environment creation complete
HRESULT ToggleFamilySafety()
{
    Microsoft::WRL::ComPtr<ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions3> optionsStaging3;
    if (options.As(&optionsStaging3) == S_OK)
    {

>         optionsStaging3->put_EnabledFamilySafety(TRUE);

Reviewer: This sample code is incomplete. You have options.As(...) but options is never defined. It would be good to show creating the options, setting your new property, and calling to create the environment.

    }
}
```

# API Details    
```
interface ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions3;

/// Additional options used to create WebView2 Environment.
[uuid(D0965AC5-11EB-4A49-AA1A-C8E9898F80AF), object, pointer_default(unique)]
interface ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions3 : IUnknown {

>   /// When the Family Safety feature is enabled, webview provide the same functionalities as the browser for the child accounts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  /// When `IsFamilySafetyEnabled` is `TRUE` WebView2 provides the same Family Safety functionality as the Edge browser for child accounts:
```

>   /// Activity Reporting, Web Filtering and SafeSearch.

Reviewer: I don't really know what these are. We either need to describe them here or link to documentation about these features.

  /// `EnabledFamilySafety` property is to enable/disable family safety feature.

>   /// propery is disabled by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  /// It is `FALSE` by default.
```

  [propget] HRESULT EnabledFamilySafety([out, retval] BOOL* value);
  /// Sets the `EnabledFamilySafety` property.
  [propput] HRESULT EnabledFamilySafety([in] BOOL value);
}
```

```c# (but really MIDL3)
namespace Microsoft.Web.WebView2.Core
{
    // ...
    runtimeclass CoreWebView2Environment
    {
        [interface_name("Microsoft.Web.WebView2.Core.ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions3")]
        {
            // ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions3 members

>             Boolean EnabledFamilySafety { get; set; };

Reviewer: How about IsFamilySafetyEnabled to match our other bool settings on the CoreWebView2Settings?

```suggestion
            Boolean IsFamilySafetyEnabled { get; set; };
```

Family Safety
===

# Background

> Provide end evelolper a new API to toggle Family Safety feature on and off. Once Family Safety is enabled, developer won't be able to turn it off while webview2 instance is running. Once enable, it will provide the same functionally as the browser like: Activity report, Safe Search and Web Filtering. Besides toggling the feature, we also provide an API to add desired sites to the soft bypass list, so app functionality will not be impacted by Family Safety restricted mode. Parents can still over the site if they prefer.

Reviewer: Please limit line lengths to 100 characters or less

> Provide end evelolper a new API to toggle Family Safety feature on and off. Once Family Safety is enabled, developer won't be able to turn it off while webview2 instance is running. Once enable, it will provide the same functionally as the browser like: Activity report, Safe Search and Web Filtering. Besides toggling the feature, we also provide an API to add desired sites to the soft bypass list, so app functionality will not be impacted by Family Safety restricted mode. Parents can still over the site if they prefer.

Reviewer: Typos:
```suggestion
Our customers have asked for a new API to toggle the Family Safety feature on and off. The Family Safety feature is enabled or disabled for a browser process instance, and the end developer won't be able to change it while the webview2 browser process instance is running. Once enabled, it will provide the same functionally as the browser Family Safety feature including: Activity reports, search filtering, and web filtering. Besides toggling the feature, we also provide an API to add desired sites to the soft bypass list, so app functionality will not be impacted by Family Safety. Additionally, parents can also override a block.
```

Please see https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/family-safety for details on Family Safety. 

# Examples
## WinRT and .NET   
```c#
void CreateEnvrionmentWithOption()
{
    CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions options = new CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions();
    options.IsFamilySafetyEnabled = true;

>     options.SetFamilySafetySoftByPassList(1, "appassets.example/AppStartPage.html");

Reviewer: This code does not match the MIDL3 at the bottom. Should be like 

```suggestion
    options.FamilySafetySoftByPassList.Add("https://appassets.example/AppStartPage.html");
```

>     options.SetFamilySafetySoftByPassList(1, "appassets.example/AppStartPage.html");

Reviewer: This should be a URI correct? 

```suggestion
    options.SetFamilySafetySoftByPassList(1, "https://appassets.example/AppStartPage.html");
```

>     options.SetFamilySafetySoftByPassList(1, "appassets.example/AppStartPage.html");

Reviewer: Do you have to do each URI individually or is there some sort of wildcarding option available? Like can you do `https://appassets.example/` and have it cover everything on appassets.example like AppStartPage.html?

Author: Yes, you have to do each URI individually. And the string don't have to be https

>     options.SetFamilySafetySoftByPassList(1, "appassets.example/AppStartPage.html");

Reviewer: This is a good example of use of the bypass list. Can you add a comment making it clear where this URL comes from?
```suggestion
    // Later we use SetVirtualHostNameToFolderMapping with `appassets.example` to map to local app content.
    // We want the Family Safety filter on generally, but not for app content.
```

Author: I added some comment. Let me know what you think. I left out the SetVirtualHostNameToFolderMapping  part since I don't think its relevant to this API

}
```
## Win32 C++
```cpp
HRESULT InitializeWebView()
{
    // Enable the Family Safety feature upon webview environment creation complete
    auto options = Microsoft::WRL::Make<CoreWebView2StagingEnvironmentOptions>();
    Microsoft::WRL::ComPtr<ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions3> optionsStaging3;
    if (options.As(&optionsStaging3) == S_OK)
    {
        optionsStaging3->put_IsFamilySafetyEnabled(TRUE);

        const WCHAR* byPassLists[1] = {L"appassets.example/AppStartPage.html"};
        optionsStaging3->SetFamilySafetySoftByPassList(1, byPassLists);
    }

    // CreateCoreWebView2EnvironmentWithOptions
    HRESULT hr = CreateCoreWebView2EnvironmentWithOptions("", nullptr, options.Get(),
    Callback<ICoreWebView2CreateCoreWebView2EnvironmentCompletedHandler>(
        this, &AppWindow::OnCreateEnvironmentCompleted)
        .Get());
}
```

# API Details    
```
interface ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions3;

/// Additional options used to create WebView2 Environment.
[uuid(D0965AC5-11EB-4A49-AA1A-C8E9898F80AF), object, pointer_default(unique)]
interface ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions3 : IUnknown {

>   /// When `IsFamilySafetyEnabled` is `TRUE` WebView2 provides the same Family Safety functionality as the Edge browser for child accounts:

Reviewer: Is the 'for child accounts' text only applicable to the Edge browser? Or does this also apply to when WebView2 applies Family Safety?

Author: It applies to both since is OS account. Gonna update the doc to reflect that

>   /// Activity Reporting, Web Filtering and SafeSearch. Please see https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/family-safety for details.

Reviewer: Love having a link to Family Safety more info in the ref docs! Although this page is very consumer focused and generally about family safety not specifically family safety in the Edge browser. Is there anything more technical and focused on family safety in the browser?

Author: Diana ToDo: Find more technical doc

  /// `IsFamilySafetyEnabled` property is to enable/disable family safety feature.
  /// It is `FALSE` by default.
  [propget] HRESULT IsFamilySafetyEnabled([out, retval] BOOL* value);
  /// Sets the `IsFamilySafetyEnabled` property.
  [propput] HRESULT IsFamilySafetyEnabled([in] BOOL value);

>   /// When Family Safety feature is enabled, provide ability to modify the soft by pass list so app remain functioning in BlockAll Mode,

Reviewer: Need to explain more about what this bypass list applies to exactly. Which features of Family Safety are impacted? Is there family safety documentation that explains this bypass list and we can link to it? If not, we need to describe it here.

>   /// parents can still override the URL if they want the app blocked.

Reviewer: Need more details for this:

 * Is it normal URI syntax for each entry?
 * Is there any kind of wildcard syntax or something for the URI list or does every single URI need to be listed individually? 
  * Do all URIs go through the family safety filter? Or only http(s) URIs or some other subset? E.g. does the end developer need to worry about adding https related app URIs to this list or also file URIs, custom protocol URIs and so on?

Author: To answer each question in order:
- Just the uri syntax without the http. (How should I document it?)
- There is no wildcard in place. 
- all uris go through the family safety filter. The only need the uir site like `bing.com`

>   /// parents can still override the URL if they want the app blocked.

Reviewer: Here and elsewhere in the doc, we use URI rather than URL in our docs and API names.
```suggestion
  /// parents can still override the URI if they want the app blocked.
```

  /// \snippet AppWindow.cpp CoreWebView2FamilySafety

>   HRESULT GetFamilySafetySoftByPassList([out] UINT32* uriCounts, [out] LPWSTR** lists);

Reviewer: The soft bypass list is not described anywhere here. Maybe we can name this something like 
 * `FamilySafetyAllowedUris`

I was also thinking of the following but I think allowed URIs is maybe the easiest to understand?
 * `FamilySafetyBypassUris`
 * `FamilySafetyUriExceptions`

Do you have other ideas?

If there is more technical documentation on family safety that describes the names of its settings and it has some kind of allowed list of URIs maybe we can reuse names from that?

Author: FamilySafetyAllowedUris is pretty intuitive. but FamilySafetyBypassUris sounds more like an exception? I will go with FamilySafetyAllowedUris first and open to change after official review

>   HRESULT SetFamilySafetySoftByPassList([in] UINT32 uriCounts, [in] LPCWSTR* lists);

Reviewer: Parameter naming would be better with something like the following:

```suggestion
  HRESULT SetFamilySafetySoftByPassList([in] UINT32 urisCount, [in] LPCWSTR* uris);
```

}
```

```c# (but really MIDL3)
namespace Microsoft.Web.WebView2.Core
{
    // ...
    runtimeclass CoreWebView2Environment
    {

>         [interface_name("Microsoft.Web.WebView2.Core.ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions3")]

Reviewer: Would be nice to show that you're not listing other parts of this runtimeclass.
```suggestion
        // ...
        
        [interface_name("Microsoft.Web.WebView2.Core.ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions3")]
```

        {
            // ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions3 members
            Boolean IsFamilySafetyEnabled { get; set; };

            // List of bypass uris

>             IList<String> FamilySafetySoftByPassList { get; set; };

Reviewer: IList is a .NET thing not a MIDL3 thing. IVector should be used here. See Cagri's spec which similarly took an array 
 in the environment options: https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback/pull/2288/files. Also should be a getter only and the caller will get and then modify the vector. You might also check with him to see if he hit any issues or whatever that might be applicable to your feature / spec.
```suggestion
            IVector<String> FamilySafetySoftByPassList { get; };
```
